                                                                     
                                                                     
                                                                     
                                             
Viralogy Privacy Policy

Effective December 1, 2009

Viralogy provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information we receive through our website at Viralogy (the "Viralogy.com Site"), as well as through our market research services, which collect and analyze data across the Web through the Viralogy Scripts ("Market Research Services"), and our content and relevant advertising delivery service ("Delivery Service") (the Market Research Services and the Delivery Service, collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to information that you provide to us when you use our Insight Tools (a "Viralogy Tool"), but also when you simply access or use any information or content appearing on the Viralogy.com Site, whether as a registered user (a "Registered User") or as a non-registered user just browsing the Viralogy.com Site (a "Viralogy Visitor"). This Privacy Policy also explains what type of information is collected if you visit third party websites serving content tagged by Viralogy Tools with Viralogy Scripts. We may change the Privacy Policy from time to time. Please consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any updates.

Personally Identifiable Information means information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. 

Information Collection and Use

Viralogy Tools 

    * We require Viralogy Tools to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information when first installed. We may also request additional Personally Identifiable Information from time to time thereafter. Providing such additional Personally Identifiable Information is entirely optional, although some Viralogy.com Site features may not work without it.
    * For Viralogy Tools, we use your Personally Identifiable Information mainly to provide the Services to you, as applicable, and to administer your inquiries. We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you with Viralogy newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.

Registered Users 

    * If you do not have a website that you want to measure, but you do want to access or use certain information, content, or tools on the Viralogy.com Site or receive our newsletter or other marketing materials and information, you may be required to register and to submit certain Personally Identifiable Information to us. This may include user name, password, email address, physical address, and telephone number, as well as any other information that you decide to provide us with.
    * If you contact us by email through the Site, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you.
    * In addition, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you with Viralogy newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.

Log Data 

    * "Log Data" means information sent by your browser such as your computer's IP address, pixel code, referring HTTP location, current HTTP location, search string, time of the access, browser's time, any searches made on the applicable website, and other statistics.
    * When you visit the Viralogy.com Site, whether as a Viralogy User, Registered User or Viralogy Visitor, our servers may automatically record and collect Log Data sent by your browser. We use the Log Data to monitor and analyze the use of the Viralogy.com Site and the Services, for the Viralogy.com Site's technical administration, to increase the Viralogy.com Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Viralogy.com Site again, it will recognize you and will be able to serve content, advertisements, and other information appropriate to your interests.
    * We also collect Log Data each time you visit third-party websites serving content that has been tagged by Viralogy Tools with Viralogy Scripts. We analyze Log Data from different websites and combine it with other non Personally Identifiable Information to produce reports to understand the industry. This combined data may also be used by us and our partners to serve you content, advertisements, and other information tailored to your interests.
    * Our Tools use our Market Research Services to understand their current and historical audience characteristics and we retain Log Data for this purpose indefinitely. We retain the ability to use Log Data to provide our Delivery Service for 13 months to accommodate seasonality. 
    * We do not link Log Data to any other Personally Identifiable Information about you or otherwise attempt to discover your identity. We make efforts to require our Viralogy Tools to ensure that any such third party website post adequate privacy policies and otherwise protect the privacy rights of their visitors. Check the privacy policies of websites tagged with Viralogy Scripts for information regarding the applicable privacy practices.

Cookies

Like many websites, we use cookies (by placing or reading them via your browser) to save your behavior data to understand the social mediasphere better. We also utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Viralogy.com Site, to better understand how you interact with the Viralogy.com Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Viralogy Users and web traffic routing on the Viralogy.com Site. Third party advertisers on the Viralogy.com Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. We also use cookies when you visit websites with content tagged by Viralogy Tools with Viralogy Scripts, to collect Log Data, as described in the Log Data section above. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting browser cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. In addition, we use Flash cookies in connection with our Market Research Services to measure certain Flash content such as animation, games and videos. Similarly to browser cookies, Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences and usage, but are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. If you want to delete Flash cookies, please access your Flash Player settings management tool available on Adobe's web site. However, if you do not accept cookies (whether browser or Flash cookies), you may not be able to use all portions of the Viralogy.com Site or all functionality of the Services. 

Information Sharing and Disclosure

Log Data and Aggregate Information. We may share the following information with third parties, including, but not limited to, vendors that support the operation of our Services and entities involved in the delivery of advertisements: Log Data collected on both the Viralogy.com Site and third party websites tagged with Viralogy Scripts  (as described in the Log Data section above), as well as aggregated anonymized information resulting from the analysis of such Log Data for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to, conducting industry, traffic and demographic analysis, and enabling web publishers to deliver to advertisers audience segments that are appropriate for their products or services.

Comments or Submissions. User Interaction. In addition to your username, any comments or submissions ("Unsolicited Information") that you post to the Viralogy.com Site, whether as a Viralogy Tool or as a Registered User, will be publicly available. All such Unsolicited Information will be deemed to be non-confidential and Viralogy will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. You should be aware that, if you voluntarily disclose Unsolicited Information online, that Unsolicited Information can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address in comments sections or online forums, you may receive unsolicited messages from others. In addition, if you decide to request a copy of the Reports or other content or information from Viralogy Tools or otherwise interact with other users, certain information that you provided to us during the registration process, such as, for instance, your name, e-mail address, company name, and industry, as well as any other information (including Unsolicited Information) that you disclose in connection with any such communications may be collected, used and disclosed for the purpose of satisfying your request or otherwise allowing such user interaction. Viralogy has no control over the use of Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily post in public forums or otherwise disclose while interacting with other users, whether Viralogy Tools or Registered Users. Any such Personally Identifiable Information you choose to disclose should reflect how much you want other users to know about you. We encourage our Viralogy Tools and Registered Users to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their comments or submissions.

Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform services related to administration of the Services (including, without limitation, maintenance, hosting and database management services, and administration). These third parties have access to your Personally Identifiable Information and Log Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Viralogy cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Log Data to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Viralogy or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being illegal or legally actionable.

Business Transfers. Viralogy may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personally Identifiable Information and Log Data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Our Policy Toward Children

Viralogy does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personally Identifiable Information without their consent, he or she should contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personally Identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

Security

Viralogy is concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ a variety of measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.

Links to Other Sites

The Viralogy.com Site, including, but not limited to, the section where Reports are displayed, contains links to other websites. If you choose to click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from you.  Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. 

